# 📅 Week 21 - [May] [19]-[25], [2025]

## Daily Log  

### May 19, 2025 (Monday)

[ Lerobot SO-101 parts sourcing research - completed / 4H ] 

- Why
    1. Seeking to build two SO-101 robot arm sets before the Lerobot hackathon in June
    2. Find ways to reduce the budget as purchasing two SO-101 sets in the States is not feasible due to tariffs and shipping fees. Official links provide links for parts but they're overpriced, especially in USD. With shipping fees and tariffs, this robot arm becomes inaccessible to students (~$350+ each). (The original robot arm was accessible at around $100)
- How
    1. Checked the sourcing document and necessary parts list
    2. Reviewed official stores and links to understand full electronic parts set requirements
    3. Researched motor specs and models on Alibaba to find the exact same motors
    4. Researched parts on AliExpress to find ways to source each individual component separately, ensuring each purchase and shipment remains under the duty-free threshold
- Result
    1. Able to reduce significant amount of money for motors ($260 × 2 + shipping fee + import fee → $400 in total for motors + need to purchase PSU)
- Downside
    1. Requires longer shipping and processing time
    2. Need to make separate purchases several times
- Next
    1. Make purchases under the threshold
    2. Wait for deliveries


[ Meta Quest WebXR Document Reading / 2H ]

- Why
    1. I have an idea for an XR experience where whenever users touch or point to surfaces like walls, floors, tables, etc., wild flowers appear at those points.
    2. I had this idea in Spring when I was looking around my college campus.
    3. I want to learn more about WebXR technology to build an interactive demo.
- How
    1. Went to [developers.meta.com](https://developers.meta.com) and started reading Web platform development documentation.
    2. Installed Unity and Meta Quest Development Hub.
    3. Read through documentation.
 - Result
    1. Reading in progress.
    2. Learned how to activate the debugger on Meta Quest 2.
- Next
    1. Continue reading.
    2. Start the demo project provided in the guide.

### May 20, 2025 (Tuesday)

[ Meta Quest WebXR Document Reading - Continued / 2H ]

- Why
    1. Same as Monday
- How
    1. Same as Monday
- Result
    1. Started WebXR First Steps tutorial
    2. Decided to learn Three.js first
- Next
    1. Create development environment using Meta Quest 2
    2. Learn how to connect computer and Meta Quest 2

[ Local Google Developer Groups - Google I/O watch party / 4H ]

- Why
    1. Wanted to meet more local developers and interact with them in person
    2. Wanted to engage more in the local development scene
    3. Curious about watching Google I/O together as I have only watched it by myself every year
- How
    1. Registered online at the local GDG group website
    2. Used Lyft to get to the place
    3. Watched together and talked
- Result
    1. Got to know more people!
    2. Gained confidence for participating in future GDG events
    3. Able to watch Google I/O and have good conversations
    4. Learned more about Flutter and Dart
    5. Possibly have a future chance to participate in in-person Google I/O (I would love to do this)
- Next
    1. Come up with more interesting projects
    2. Participate in more events like this
- Feeling
    1. Feel threatened as someone who is just entering the job market as a developer
    2. I feel fewer people will be necessary to do the same amount of work
    3. But also at the same time, if everyone can use these AI products and accelerate development, advancement to the future will be accelerated and more impressive work will be created, requiring more people
    4. I need to maximize AI's abilities and keep learning how to use it
    5. Love to see more interest in XR and AR glasses
